fix(docs): Update Getting Started for dynamic plugins (#646)
janus-idp/backstage-showcase: showcase-docs/getting-started.md

   - If you are on Windows, then follow the [instructions](https://github.com/nodejs/node-gyp#on-windows) in `node-gyp` for Windows
   - If you are on macOS, then follow the [instructions](https://github.com/nodejs/node-gyp#on-macos) in `node-gyp` for macOS

3. Run `yarn install` to install the dependencies

> 4. Make sure you that, in the `dynamic-plugins-root` folder, you have the dynamic plugins you want to load in the backend application. To have all the plugins normally included in the Showcase application,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the `dynamic-plugins-root` folder, verify that you have the dynamic plugins you want to load into the backend application. To have all the plugins normally included in the Showcase application,
```

> 4. Make sure you that, in the `dynamic-plugins-root` folder, you have the dynamic plugins you want to load in the backend application. To have all the plugins normally included in the Showcase application,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Make sure you that, in the `dynamic-plugins-root` folder, you have the dynamic plugins you want to load in the backend application. To have all the plugins originally included in the Showcase application,
```
As an additional suggestion to the suggestion above https://github.com/janus-idp/backstage-showcase/pull/646/files#r1368979215

   run the following command at the root of the showcase repository:

   ```bash

>    yarn export-dynamic -- -- --dev

Reviewer: what do these "--" parameters mean? this is hella non-intuitive.
